Everyone welcome to the ultimate My ask you about developer boot camp.
I know it's a bit of a mouthful of a title.
My name is Colt.
I'll be instructor for this course.
So in my experience the first couple of minutes of any course sometimes the first day of a college lecture
is all devoted to introducing the instructor talking about the syllabus and document th's and exercises
and turning in assignments.
And you don't actually get to cover much of the content that you care about.
But this is in I ask you of course I want to talk about my school as soon as possible.
So here's a promise I'm going to make to you.
I'm going to talk about who I am and my background if you care about that.
Going to talk about what the Course covers and it doesn't cover.
I'll show you the projects and the assignments.
All of that fun stuff in just the next four minutes.
And then by the next five minutes by the fifth minute of this course we'll be typing secret code.
We won't have to install anything on it have to get set up.
We have this nice work around in the browser where you'll be able to actually run code immediately.
OK so that's what i to you.
With that said I'll shut up.
I'll start talking about myself and who I am in the next video and then we'll move on at the syllabus
and so on.
But remember end of this section will be typed in code.
All right let's get started.